And my mom used to do cooking for everybody and everything, you see.
And we could manage, you know, and she would grow all the vegetables and everything in our garden, you know, big, big garden.
So all the houses has got it.
So we had banana trees and mango tree and the oranges tree and you say it, you know, and we had it.
Kano finishes about half five and then you go home, you have breakfast and everything.
And boys and girls, they all go to school and everything.
My dad will go eight o'clock to the shop, you know.
And there was one dog called Gogi, you know.
She will always come to my dad, to my dad to take my dad to the shop, you know, safely.
And when she will take my dad to the shop, she will come back to our house and she will knock the door, literally knock the door, so that he is safe in the shop.
So my mom will give her a chapati, you know, she will eat.